#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
aiohttp==3.9.3
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.6.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.3.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   langchain-core
    #   openai
    #   starlette
attrs==23.2.0
    # via aiohttp
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via uvicorn
dataclasses-json==0.6.4
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
fastapi==0.110.0
    # via -r requirements.in
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
greenlet==3.0.3
    # via sqlalchemy
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.4
    # via httpx
httpx==0.27.0
    # via
    #   langserve
    #   openai
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.1.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langserve
langchain-community==0.0.24
    # via langchain
langchain-core==0.1.27
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-openai
langchain-openai==0.0.8
    # via -r requirements.in
langserve==0.0.45
    # via -r requirements.in
langsmith==0.1.10
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
marshmallow==3.21.0
    # via dataclasses-json
multidict==6.0.5
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
openai==1.13.3
    # via langchain-openai
orjson==3.9.15
    # via
    #   langserve
    #   langsmith
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   langchain-core
    #   marshmallow
pydantic==2.6.3
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langserve
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
pydantic-core==2.16.3
    # via pydantic
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
regex==2023.12.25
    # via tiktoken
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   tiktoken
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   openai
sqlalchemy==2.0.27
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
sse_starlette
starlette==0.36.3
    # via fastapi
tenacity==8.2.3
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
tiktoken==0.6.0
    # via langchain-openai
tqdm==4.66.2
    # via openai
typing-extensions==4.10.0
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via requests
uvicorn==0.27.1
    # via -r requirements.in
yarl==1.9.4
    # via aiohttp
